updated docs for create-dagster and dg separation (#30288)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/guides/labs/dg/creating-a-project.md

<DgComponentsPreview />

The `create-dagster` CLI allows you to create a special type of Python package, called a _project_, that defines a [Dagster code location](/deployment/code-locations/managing-code-locations-with-definitions).

:::note

> Dagster projects created with `create-dagster` are compatible with Dagster Components. For more information, see the [Dagster Components documentation](/guides/labs/components).

Reviewer: I actually think we can strike this sentence entirely

:::

## Prerequisites

> Before creating a project, you must [install `create-dagster`](/guides/labs/dg#installation). If you're using `uv`, you can run `create-dagster` using `uvx`, without needing to install it first.

Reviewer 2: I can leave a more thorough review later tonight, but quick note to fix the build -- the link here should be `/guides/labs/dg#installing-the-create-dagster-cli`

> Before creating a project, you must [install `create-dagster`](/guides/labs/dg#installation). If you're using `uv`, you can run `create-dagster` using `uvx`, without needing to install it first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before creating a project, you must [install `create-dagster`](/guides/labs/dg#installing-the-create-dagster-cli). If you're using `uv`, you can run `create-dagster` using `uvx`, without needing to install it first.
```
